Add LS new features to 2201.2.3 release note (#2170)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-release: release-notes/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.2.3-release-note.md

## New features

### Language Server

> * Add a new quickfix code action to fill missing required fields of a mapping constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new quick-fix code action to fill in the missing required fields of a mapping constructor
```

> * Add a new module level completion item to generate an expression bodied function snippet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a new module-level completion item to generate an expression-bodied function snippet
```
